let's part five from my brand-new DVD
collection fail first one we got is The
Fast and the Furious very very good
movie this is the collector's edition I
also have a son
VHS which is the special edition this is
my dad's this has the disc
Tokyo Drift an art good movie probably
good but too fast too furious was still
the best one just has a disc Fat Albert
and the Cosby kids
this was the TV show yeah it was pretty
good this has the disc and the movie
itself Fat Albert I saw it in theaters
when first came out back in 2004 it's a
good movie but the TV show is still good
finding Nemo this is an ER movie I saw
in the theater pretty good movie one of
the best Pixar movies behind Toy Story 2
here's the first disc and here's the
second disc and next two are the two
Free Willy movies Free Willy to the
adventure home play a very good movie
there's the disc and free bully free to
rescue the firt and final film the
series also good movie it has a Kiko
whale evert this has the disc
sium part 6